data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: bTransparentBkg
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: bandlimit
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: bkgtype
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: bstyle
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: calcflags
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: creation_date
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: db_type
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: dilution_txt
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: endArrow
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: extrapolate
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: filevers
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: flags
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: hasUserLabel
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: isBold
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: isItalic
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: isUnderlined
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: last_use_date
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: lbkg_flags
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: lbkg_md
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: m_locked
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: mcode
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: model
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: named
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: normalize
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: old_comment
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: old_description
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: prog_name
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: qtysource
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: relstat
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: scanner
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: shadow
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: size_scale
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: startArrow
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: status
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: stdsource
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: stdtype
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: tdisp_md
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: type
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: use_bandlimit
data_type:     2, word_size:     0, label: user_id
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: Bandnum
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: Mr_orient
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: adb_band_set
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: adb_btp_code
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: adb_btp_flags
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: adb_gelnum
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: adb_unit
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: allele_set_code
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: blackIsZero
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: blotcols
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: blotrows
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: bst_idx
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: btp_code
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: bytes_per_pix
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: calfmt
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: calnum
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: color
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: data_fmt
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: datawidth
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: db_band_set
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: db_bset_flags
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: db_btp_code
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: db_btp_flags
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: db_gelnum
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: db_standard
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: db_unit
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: dettyp
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: firstden
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: flank
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: gaussavail
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: gaussused
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: imaging_mode
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: intf_type
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: isotop
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: lanenum
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: light_mode
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: m_bottom
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: m_left
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: m_right
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: m_top
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: m_x
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: m_y
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: mode
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: nxties
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: nyties
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: pH_orient
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: pr_code
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: qty_units
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: repeat
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: right_stdlanenum
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: scanner_units
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: size_mode
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: smplwidth
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: stdlanenum
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: type
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: units
data_type:     3, word_size:     0, label: vl_code
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: GR_Data
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: asl_avail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: asl_used
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: avail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: average
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: bandavail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: bandused
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: bkgd_pix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: bkgden
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: calstep_count
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: calstep_raw
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: cbavail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: cbused
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: dark_type
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: data_ceiling
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: data_floor
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: denavail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: denused
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: dmt_avail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: dmt_used
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: dvavail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: dvused
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: endian
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: flags
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: flat_field
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: gaussdvavail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: gaussdvused
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: live_count
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: lnavail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: lnused
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: m_height
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: m_width
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: match_flags
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: max
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: max_pix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: maxden
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: maximum
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: maxpix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: mean_pix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: min_pix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: minden
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: minimum
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: minpix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: norm_pix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: nt_avail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: nt_used
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: nxpix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: nypix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: parentIndex
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: pix_at_max_OD
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: qcavail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: qcused
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: scanner_bias
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: scanner_maxpix
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: segavail
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: segused
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: sim_flags
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: used
data_type:     4, word_size:     0, label: vntr_flags
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: adb_sample
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: bandlimit
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: calnum
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: cnts_loaded
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: db_sample
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: file_ver
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: id_safety
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: left
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: m_bottom
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: m_left
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: m_mmvectorAvail
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: m_mmvectorUsed
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: m_right
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: m_top
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: m_x
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: m_y
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: nbacklog
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: ninterp
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: nsteps
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: nties
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: nyties
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: swavail
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: swused
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: x
data_type:     5, word_size:     0, label: y
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: alignment
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: avail
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: avg
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: bkgColor
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: color
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: db_id
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: db_update
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: eType
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: font
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: fontSize
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: gel_run_date
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: gray_response_len
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: lbkg_disk
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: m_description
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: m_height
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: m_id32
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: m_length
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: m_time
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: m_user
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: m_version
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: m_width
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: max
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: min
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: mod_time
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: navg
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: numPixels
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: numPixelsBorders
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: orientation
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: pixcnt
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: regressionType
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: scriptStyle
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: state
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: sumd_bands
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: sumden
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: swavail
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: swused
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: type
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: used
data_type:     6, word_size:     0, label: xpo_start_date
data_type:     7, word_size:     0, label: m_imagePK
data_type:     7, word_size:     0, label: m_scnId
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: ax
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: calstep_qty
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: calstep_qty_offset
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: center
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: corr_coef
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: differ
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: dilution
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: exposure_time
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: gain_setting
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: gamma
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: gauerr
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: gray_response_factor
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: height
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: high_frac
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: hilim
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: img_size_x
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: img_size_y
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: intercept
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: lbkg_window
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: lolim
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: low_frac
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_bottom
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_detailX1
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_detailX2
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_detailY1
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_detailY2
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_height
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_left
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_right
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_top
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_width
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_x
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: m_y
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: max_OD
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: maxcon
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: measure
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: min_peak
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: mincon
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: mobility
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: noise_filter
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: norm_den
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: pmt_voltage
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: qty
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: qty_range
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: quality
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: ratio
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: ref_bkg_time
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: reldev
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: rf
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: right_frac
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: scanner_maxqty
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: sensitivity
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: shoulder_sens
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: sigma
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: sim_required
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: sim_tolerance
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: size_scale
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: slope
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: std
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: stdval
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: tolerance
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: vntr_ambig
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: x
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: xpo_length
data_type:     9, word_size:     0, label: y
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: aspect
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: c_exp
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: c_pro
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: concentration
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: integden
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: maxPixelValue
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: minPixelValue
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: rotationAngle
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: stdDeviation
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: sumBorders
data_type:    10, word_size:     0, label: sumTotal
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: app_name
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: db_filename
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: db_name
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: db_path
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: desc
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: dtct_parm_name
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_id1
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_id2
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_id3
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_id4
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_id5
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_name1
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_name2
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_name3
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_name4
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: filter_name5
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: fontFace
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: from
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: history
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_id1
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_id2
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_id3
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_id4
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_id5
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_name1
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_name2
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_name3
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_name4
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: laser_name5
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: m_buffer
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: name
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: qtyunits
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: stdname
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: stdunits
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: string
data_type:    15, word_size:     0, label: text
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: AuditTrailEntryPtr
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: allele_set
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: als_item
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: array
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: as_links
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: backlog
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: band
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: band pointer
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: bands
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: bkdvals
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: calbands
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: calcurve pointer
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: calcurves
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: crossings
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: db_mobil
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: dens
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: dentrace
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: difdsp
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: dvals
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: gaussdvals
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: gpk
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: gray_response_data
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: gspk pointer
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: intps
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: lane pointer
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: lanes
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: lasso
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: lassoPtr
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: m_appPool
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: m_descPool
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: m_details
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: m_entries
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: m_mmvectorList
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: m_pool
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: m_userPool
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: mobilmap
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: notes
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: overlaySavePtr
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: segtrace
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: stdties
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: steps
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: stripe
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: tags
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: ties
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: unowned band pointer
data_type:    17, word_size:     0, label: volumeDataPtr
data_type:   100, word_size:     0, label: first
data_type:   100, word_size:     0, label: last
data_type:   102, word_size:     0, label: in
data_type:   102, word_size:     0, label: out
data_type:   103, word_size:     0, label: center
data_type:   103, word_size:     0, label: first
data_type:   103, word_size:     0, label: last
data_type:   107, word_size:     0, label: scale
data_type:   110, word_size:     0, label: m_end
data_type:   110, word_size:     0, label: m_start
data_type:   115, word_size:     0, label: m_end
data_type:   115, word_size:     0, label: m_start
data_type:   120, word_size:     0, label: m_end
data_type:   120, word_size:     0, label: m_start
data_type:   131, word_size:     0, label: m_comment
data_type:  1001, word_size:     0, label: cal
data_type:  1001, word_size:     0, label: end
data_type:  1001, word_size:     0, label: first
data_type:  1001, word_size:     0, label: last
data_type:  1001, word_size:     0, label: start
data_type:  1002, word_size:     0, label: formula
data_type:  1003, word_size:     0, label: bounds
data_type:  1003, word_size:     0, label: faint_loc
data_type:  1003, word_size:     0, label: first
data_type:  1003, word_size:     0, label: last
data_type:  1003, word_size:     0, label: small_loc
data_type:  1003, word_size:     0, label: where
data_type:  1004, word_size:     0, label: bkgd_box
data_type:  1004, word_size:     0, label: in
data_type:  1004, word_size:     0, label: large_box
data_type:  1004, word_size:     0, label: out
data_type:  1005, word_size:     0, label: imgstate
data_type:  1006, word_size:     0, label: qinf
data_type:  1006, word_size:     0, label: runs
data_type:  1007, word_size:     0, label: first
data_type:  1007, word_size:     0, label: last
data_type:  1008, word_size:     0, label: resolution
data_type:  1009, word_size:     0, label: scan_area
data_type:  1010, word_size:     0, label: params
data_type:  1010, word_size:     0, label: this
data_type:  1011, word_size:     0, label: first
data_type:  1011, word_size:     0, label: head
data_type:  1011, word_size:     0, label: last
data_type:  1011, word_size:     0, label: peak
data_type:  1011, word_size:     0, label: start
data_type:  1011, word_size:     0, label: tail
data_type:  1011, word_size:     0, label: text_start
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: bkgbox
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: bounds
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: data
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: diag
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: dsttrace
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: srcstrace
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: srctrace
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: xaxis
data_type:  1012, word_size:     0, label: yaxis
data_type:  1019, word_size:     0, label: a
data_type:  1019, word_size:     0, label: r
data_type:  1023, word_size:     0, label: dtparm
data_type:  1027, word_size:     0, label: adb_taglist
data_type:  1027, word_size:     0, label: taglist
